# Golden-I-Office-Space-Golden-I-Shops-Resale
This is also any other Commercial Project in Noida Extension with Assured Return, wherein you may invest with none problem. Here we are able to provide you the retail stores at ground floor with confident return with bank guarantee. This industrial is being evolved on 25 acres of land patch where the architect designed this industrial very intelligently and offers the double peak Retail shops at ground floor and workplace area from 1st floor onwards. You can also spend money on workplace area for the long term wherein you could get the fixed apartment income submit possession also. Ocean Golden I is the maximum famous task in Noida Extension with assured returns. Golden I Noida Possession will happen in mid 2022, due to the fact the structure paintings of this venture are performed completely and now the completing work is in progress. So don’t wait to put money into commercial initiatives, just call us for funding within the real property quarter.    If we talk approximately the pre-leased belongings then 1st question comes to thoughts is that what is pre-Leased belongings? Let me tell you about the pre-leased assets. Pre-leased Property method which property is already rented or any lease settlement is finished with any branded tenant. Here buyers are secure and unfastened from any type of legal responsibility to lease the assets or any upkeep of the premises. So, if you are proceeding to shop for any golden i Commercial Property in Noida, then we Noida Commercial can offer you a lot types of business houses. Well, if you have a few right price ranges for investment in assets then you may buy Industrial Building in Noida, wherein you may get the good rental cost &amp; accurate appreciation in your funding. We have some Building for Sale in Noida extension Noida, which has approx. 1400 rectangular meter place and has complete 6-ground workplace space. This constructing may be leased to any Its employer and you can earn a good condo return.    Pre-Rented Retail Shops for Sale in Noida    We additionally have some options in retail shops, which can be already leased to suitable manufacturers, like we have a Retail Shop in Noida Extension, that is already leased to Apollo Pharmacy. Here you may get approx. Five to 6% condo profits for your funding. You can find many types of Pre-Rented Retail Shops for Sale in Noida at diverse locations. We also have a few Shops in Noida Extension, which might be already leased to banks and the lease is final for next 10 years. Bank leased belongings in Noida are also at very high call for because bank leased belongings is the most secure funding in pre rented belongings. So, you can additionally recall bank-leased belongings to buy. We might additionally endorse you to invest in pre-Rented retail Shops rather than making an investment in any residential belongings for funding handiest.More extra help visit my site:- https://www.noidacommercial.com/projects-noida-extension/oceangolden-i/ 
